___
--The A64 chapter (Read: The one for my friends like Meleemario who have NOT played to this point yet)

Something's brewing in the Area 64 Mercenary Guild
Somewhere in Nevada...

"Okay! The operation begins in twenty minutes, lets go over this again" speaks Makron, the guild's premier hitman to two others. Sgt. Weed in his bright purple shirt and patrolmans holster, as well as the owner of the group sits and nods.  Makron with his brown hair and bright blue eyes covered up by a set of aviators fumbles with a folder given to him earlier by his secretary. He reads one of the papers out loud. "So some special forces group - the EAF who are subcontracting us arn't being forthcoming on this - managed to encounter some type of powerful wizard. Or something" he reads, in mild disbelief, thumbing over important details in his attempt to summerize the documents. 

Sgt. Weed gives Makron a puzzled look. "Yeah..." says Makron "And this special forces outfit seems to have overlooked something. Osiris Cult, The dudes personal fanclub or a cult inspired by the guy who look to him as some kind of savior are of course looking to revive him." Makron pauses. At this time one of the Guild's new members, Mouseklown, walks in. Thick eyeshadow marks his face and his pale body. He wears a cloak perhaps too big for him. The teams mystic and a practitioner of psionics, he became a quick favorite in the Guild's hitman list due to filling a niche nobody else can.

Mouseklown raises his arms. "The ritual of Sacred Anubis requires the blood sacrifice of a duplicate, such as a twin, through a process that - " Mouseklown begins to describe, as Makron yawns and Sgt. Weed ushers him to hurry it up "... A process that is overly elaborate and not quite worth getting into detail towards - with the end result being the soul revival of the subject" Mouseklown finishes, an annoyed look on his pale face resonating. Sgt. Weed gives Mouseklown a concerned look. "Now, lemme just ask. Has this ritual been done before?" asks Weed, the owner of the Guild. Mouseklown softly shakes his head and holds up one finger. "Once. In Rome. With twins. It would very likely work with clones."

Makron claps his hands. "Well. That settles it. Now I'm more than happy splitting this contract three ways. An EDF insertion team already tried dealing with this and is now giving us the scraps, so I mostly expect this to just be a fast romp. We can probably get it done before the evening. Weed and I would breach leaving MK to strut in and crush them with a mix of rocks and fire and -"

It's just then the fax machine in the room begins putting out a memo. Annoyed, Makron picks it up. His expression quickly melts to one of shock, with some inflection of anger. "From EAF High-command to A64 MG - Your services are no longer required, we are persuing the operation with Special Forces team for original quote. What?" he yells, crumbling the paper and stomping on it with his foot. "Who the hell is -"
______________________________
---Actual story

It's about 88 degrees and 10pm across Egypt's Nile. A lone hovercraft jets across the important river, it's driver laying back putting faith in the craft's autopilot. Agent Geoffery looks at the vast dunes with a polite sigh. They remind him of his time as an outlaw on Mars, running from the Mars Defense Force, the harsh martian landscape offsetting the bright cities. The way he was often spun as some type of renegade ghost-figure to the denizens of Mars. He reclines, kicking his feet up against the dashboard. Hopefully when the team is done saving reality itself from an immanent invasion he can go back - and this time, with a record clean and spotless. It would feel nice. But would he miss it? Would things get too quiet? Will -

His AMC tablet begins ringing for an encrypted call. Major Tom, a communications major for the EDF. He's been responsible for helping dictate communication and intelligence from the EDF to the AMC, going out of his way to clear off the paperwork and red tape needed for the agency to dig into classified intelligence. James met him during his young days as a low-ranking field operative, back when Major Tom was only Sargent Tom. He's proven himself invaluable, even if he doesn't get as much recognition as some think he deserves. Geoffery taps the green button to accept the call

"I really hope the hot heat isn't bothering you, Geoffery. " relays Tom, calm and matter of fact. Geoffery just gives a satisfied hum. "It's really not. Mars is only slightly cooler on a good day" states Geoffery, looking at the craft's autopilot.  "Well that's good to hear" Tom remarks, verbally nodding as the sound of papers shuffling emit from the device's speaker. "Do you remember Le Sang?"

"What, is that what this is all about? He was a pest, truly. When Sangluss finished his warlock training, he ended up splitting himself into two beings - Sangluss and Le Sang." recaps Geoffery. "It was only a few months ago that we dispatched the little bastard for good." Geoffery snivels. "Now what, don't tell me he's somehow *back*..." grumbles Geoffery.

"No no, it's not that, but if unresolved it could be a manner of time. During Le Sang's reign, a cult around him quickly formed. One viewing Le Sang as some type of prophet, or with direct linneage to the Egyptian gods." A sound of papers shuffling from Tom's end. "He's actually paid them little to no mind during his reign, he probably only knew of their existance at most."  "So like a rapid fan club?" inturrupts Geoffery. Tom quickly talks over him "Wuh-I mean, yeah, I mean, kinda..."

"We're still gathering intelligence on Horus Cell, as we have dubbed them, but we have deciphered a number of outbound communications and they arn't pretty. Using methods that are a mixture of bio-science and ritualistic magic, they seem to be aiming to resurrect Le Sang and -" He pauses with a rapid sound of papers shuffling "... Nothing on the method makes any actual sense to me. All I can say with absolute certainty is -" "That you need us to clean this mess, is that right?"

The autopilot on the boat beeps. "DESTINATION IN FIVE MINUTES" speaks a feminine, robotic voice. "Well I mean, yeah..." replies Tom. "The entrance is in a tomb, protecting itself from any kind of airstrike, not to mention the damage such a thing would do to both the Nile and any historic relevance  of said tomb. So we've sent an EDF insertion team into the tomb where one of their bio-labs are located but..." Tom doesn't need to finish his thought. Geoffery just sighs. "Don't worry, Tom. I'll sweep them up. Just keep the EDF cleanup team on standby"

The boat begins to slow down as Geoffory notices an EDF supply cache at the shore. "That's good, I will. But I mean, as such they should already be expecting you -" he states. The sound of cultists readying their thompsons and shouting  can be heard. "غريب!" hears Tom. "Uh, that means intruder - I think they spotted the boat and -" Low caliber antipersonal rounds pepper the bulletproof glass of the boat for a few solid seconds. The cultists yell something else - probably that their current mags are dry - with Geoffery taking this lull to dive out of the hovercraft to grab the gear from the supply cache. "You think so?" shouts Geoffery back towards Tom as he readies the shotgun. "Well I mean, don't let me distract you on this - and thanks for the chat!"
--Ending

||Geoffery fires a last barrage into the Shambler. In an instant, the large shambling figure explodes into gristle. Geoffery takes a moment to wipe the sweat from his forehead. Having to work alongside Sang has taught him a few concepts about rituals - it seems like in desperation that the figure running this installation did this to himself, given the runes hand-carved across his body. At this moment,  Geoffery brings up his radio.
"Area's cleared out, Tom. Go ahead and send a cleanup crew to gather any material from this place..." Geoffery denotes "...As well as a team of janitors"
--
||Five minutes ago. From a cliffside, a figure in an Osirus mask looks down at the base. From here he can see Geoffery ripping holes into a Scorpioness. He hears cries from his cultists on a reciever. "Sir! The EDF has sent one of their best! He's completely wiping us out! Whole operation in jepordy! Call out a general retreat - or scramble a few stealth fighters for the area! Anyth-" And then a few gunshots followed by a pithy one-liner from Geoffery at the other end. Their leader simply sighs.
"Ah. Delta-Sigma labs is compromised but I'll tell you what, little guy, I think we have what we need, don't we?" he tells a little baby boy coiled up in his hands, quickly rubbing his tummy. "Who's a good little prophet?"||
--
EDF-mission intro

So when we went after Le Sang, we did remember to go after the guy's fanclub to ensure that they would not do anything stupid like try to revive the man, right? ... Oh dear. Follow up the EDF insertion team and make sure to finish the job!
____
Notes

This is the first pass on this map. Wanted to go for something simple so as to make sure it'd get done. 

Special thanks to Area 64 and the AMC team, but I'd also like to heavily thank Ali (for the texture sorting library), Micky (for his document on map building) and James (for both making the mod but especailly for little notes)

Note that one thing I couldent get working in time was a secret on the soda machine. It'll probably be fixed for EP4 because we are removing voxel switches. And of course the Shambler death should end the level. Lotta stuff like a flythrough on level compleation I have no idea how to work either and will require someone who programmed it like James or Sang to look into it

Thank you and enjoy !