Note: Feel free to try and test the adjustments I made. -Kiro.

Tanks code is adjusted. Now these tanks that is destroyed no longer harms the player from distance. Except the player in vehicle (WTANKDEAD).

Good Changes:

Actor MERC 1

Pal 13: Explosive shotgun

Actor LPSUIT

Tested the LPSUIT with new variety of action types. Added with pallete to create differnt type of actions. See the codes.

Pal 35 Friendly type.

PAL 42 Imperial Men

Actor VILBOT

PAL 17 Added action anti-tank caliber autocannon and middle machinegun.

Actor WTANK

WTANK can fire any projectile with assigned pal code

Players operating WTANK no longer gets crushed by a certain actor. Current: WTANK.

Redefine actors aligning with pal combined with faction flags.


Pal 10: Fires Ruby Blast

Pal 11: Cycloid Variant with Cycloid plasma and firelasers

Pal 12: Neutral Type

Pal 13: EDF Variant / Enemy Tank

Pal 16: Allied State

actor ACOPTER
Blackhawk; Kamov Attackcopter; Mil Hind

Adding codes with Pal 16 allows them to execute their own movement and attacking patterns.

Blackhawk: 40mm Grenade
Kamov Heli: 50 cal slow
Mil Hind: Not yet implement

Problems:

Several operated vehicles: Hovertank, Hovercraft, Cycloid Flyer, Engineer Submarine, EAF Flyer are affacted by destroying WTANKDEAD. Needs to add codes.

- When WTANK & WTANKDEAD & WTANK GUN is destroyed it supposed to be destroyed based on faction_flag. However these WTANK kept firing at these destroyed WTANK despite they finish targeting.

- Most of the character actors targeting these WTANK based on assigned pal and ignores other targets. Even it dead it kept shooting.

- Tanks lacked position updates on slopes.

Next:

Created several actors attached with palletes and faction flags. 

Added several palletes with several types of weapon projectiles.

Removed faceplayer / seekplayer variable on all common enemies. Except character bosses.

Melee enemies needs to get reworked by rewritten the old code into a workable current design.

Melee enemies with recent old codes provides acts a a distraction on faction enemy types.

Possible of adapting the sprite actors pallete with assigning many actions based on pallete code.

Make all nature sprites into destructible actors.

Figure out how to get gore and blood removed by squished, explosion, flames, and other projectiles. This helps to delete useless sprites, reduce lags and prevents sprite spawn errors.

List many variants with PALLETE that can fire weapons on both allies and enemies. Add the codes and make new assigned actions which includes changing the actor with {define texture} formula.



1
 2
  3
 4
5

1
 2
  3
   4
  5
 6
7

1
 2
  3
   4
   5
  6
 7
8